Issue 268 - Support for tool calls (#305)
softwaremill/sttp-openai: README.md

)
```

#### Generating JSON Schema from case class

> We can also generate JSON Schema directly from case class, without defining the schema manually:

Reviewer: I would expand this a bit:
* some more detail on how this differs from the example immediately above
* first mention the methods that the section focuses on (as I understand, this is about `SchematizedFunctionTool`?), describe how this works, and only later proceed to the example. The example is long and it might be hard understanding what's the main point

import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.ToolCall.FunctionToolCall
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Content.TextContent
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Message.{AssistantMessage, ToolMessage, UserMessage}
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Tool.SchematizedFunctionTool
import sttp.tapir.generic.auto._

case class Passenger(name: String, age: Int)

object Passenger {
  implicit val passengerR: SnakePickle.Reader[Passenger] = SnakePickle.macroR[Passenger]
}

case class FlightDetails(passenger: Passenger, departureCity: String, destinationCity: String)

object FlightDetails {
  implicit val flightDetailsR: SnakePickle.Reader[FlightDetails] = SnakePickle.macroR[FlightDetails]
}

case class BookedFlight(confirmationNumber: String, status: String)

object BookedFlight {
  implicit val bookedFlightW: SnakePickle.Writer[BookedFlight] = SnakePickle.macroW[BookedFlight]
}

object Main extends App {
  val apiKey = System.getenv("OPENAI_KEY")
  val openAI = OpenAISyncClient(apiKey)

  val initialRequestMessage = Seq(UserMessage(content = TextContent("I want to book a flight from London to Tokyo for Jane Doe, age 34")))

>   val givenRequest = ChatBody(

Reviewer: let's add some comments here describing how this differs from a "normal" open ai request, and what amount of labor we are saving

    model = GPT4oMini,
    messages = initialRequestMessage,
    tools = Some(Seq(
      SchematizedFunctionTool[FlightDetails](
        description = "Books a flight for a passenger with full details",
        name = "book_flight"))
    )
  )

  val initialRequestResult = openAI.createChatCompletion(givenRequest)

  println(initialRequestResult.choices)
  /*
    List(
      Choices(
        Message(
          null,
          None,
          List(
            FunctionToolCall(
              Some(call_XZNvfldLQTa1f7aMInswpTMS),
              FunctionCall(
                {
                  "passenger": {
                    "name": "Jane Doe",
                    "age": 34
                  },
                  "departureCity": "London",
                  "destinationCity": "Tokyo"
                },
                Some(book_flight)
              )
            )
          ),
          Assistant,
          None,
          None
        ),
        tool_calls,
        0,
        None
      )
    )
    */

>   val toolCalls = initialRequestResult.choices.head.message.toolCalls

Reviewer: here again, some context on what you're trying to achieve with that code would be good. Also earlier: what functionality are you implementing in the example? What are the actors? There's a user which specifies the prompt,  there's ChatGPT, and there's a booking service - it would be good to introduce them first

import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.ToolCall.FunctionToolCall
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Content.TextContent
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Message.{AssistantMessage, ToolMessage, UserMessage}
import sttp.openai.requests.completions.chat.message.Tool.SchematizedFunctionTool
import sttp.tapir.generic.auto._

case class Passenger(name: String, age: Int)

object Passenger {
  implicit val passengerR: SnakePickle.Reader[Passenger] = SnakePickle.macroR[Passenger]
}

case class FlightDetails(passenger: Passenger, departureCity: String, destinationCity: String)

object FlightDetails {
  implicit val flightDetailsR: SnakePickle.Reader[FlightDetails] = SnakePickle.macroR[FlightDetails]
}

case class BookedFlight(confirmationNumber: String, status: String)

object BookedFlight {
  implicit val bookedFlightW: SnakePickle.Writer[BookedFlight] = SnakePickle.macroW[BookedFlight]
}

object Main extends App {
  val apiKey = System.getenv("OPENAI_KEY")
  val openAI = OpenAISyncClient(apiKey)

  val initialRequestMessage = Seq(UserMessage(content = TextContent("I want to book a flight from London to Tokyo for Jane Doe, age 34")))

>   // Request created using SchematizedFunctionTool, all we need to do here is just define type without explicit Json Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Request created using SchematizedFunctionTool, all we need to do here is just define the type. The schema is automatically generated using a macro, available via the `sttp.tapir.generic.auto._` import.
```
